Using base prefix '/usr'
New python executable in /home/ptisnovs/bayesian/fabric8-analytics-common/dashboard/repositories/fabric8-analytics-auth/venv/bin/python3
Not overwriting existing python script /home/ptisnovs/bayesian/fabric8-analytics-common/dashboard/repositories/fabric8-analytics-auth/venv/bin/python (you must use /home/ptisnovs/bayesian/fabric8-analytics-common/dashboard/repositories/fabric8-analytics-auth/venv/bin/python3)
Installing setuptools, pip, wheel...done.
Running virtualenv with interpreter /home/ptisnovs/bayesian/fabric8-analytics-common/dashboard/venv/bin/python3
Requirement already satisfied: pyflakes in ./venv/lib/python3.6/site-packages (2.0.0)
----------------------------------------------------
Checking source files for common errors in following
directories:
fabric8a_auth tests
----------------------------------------------------

fabric8a_auth/auth.py
    Pass
fabric8a_auth/__init__.py
    Pass
fabric8a_auth/errors.py
    Pass
tests/test_errors_class.py
tests/test_errors_class.py:16: local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
    Fail
tests/__init__.py
    Pass
tests/test_token_handling.py
tests/test_token_handling.py:4: 'from unittest.mock import *' used; unable to detect undefined names
tests/test_token_handling.py:155: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:157: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:165: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:167: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:175: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:177: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:185: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:187: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:195: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:197: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:205: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:207: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:219: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:221: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:234: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:236: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:249: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:251: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:264: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:276: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:283: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:285: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:291: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:293: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:295: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:308: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:310: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:312: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:326: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:328: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:330: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:343: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:345: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
tests/test_token_handling.py:347: 'patch' may be undefined, or defined from star imports: unittest.mock
    Fail
----------------------------------------------------
Checking following source files for common errors:
setup.py
----------------------------------------------------

setup.py
    Pass
2 source files out of 7 files needs to be checked and fixed
